Add integrations 0.16.2 rule docs (#1922)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/prebuilt-rules/downloadable-packages/0-16-2/prebuilt-rule-0-16-2-remote-scheduled-task-creation.asciidoc

[[prebuilt-rule-0-16-2-remote-scheduled-task-creation]]
=== Remote Scheduled Task Creation

> Identifies remote scheduled task creations on a target host. This could be indicative of adversary lateral movement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Identifies remote scheduled task creations on a target host. This could be indicative of an adversary's lateral movement.
```
